RAS Started Guide (#328)
rsksmart/devportal: tutorials/ethereum-devs/port-ethereum-dapps.md

#### Truffle Framework

> Truffle is an open source framework that facilitates the testing and development of smart contracts. It allows you to connect to a local RSK node and call the compiler, run unit tests and publish your smart contracts easily. Check out this tutorial which demonstrates the usage of Truffle and Ganache with a local RSK node [here](https://github.com/rsksmart/truffle-integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Truffle is an open source framework that facilitates the testing and development of smart contracts. It allows you to connect to a local RSK node and call the compiler, run unit tests, and publish your smart contracts easily. Check out [this tutorial](https://github.com/rsksmart/truffle-integration) which demonstrates the usage of Truffle and Ganache with a local RSK node.
```

Try to put links on the word/ phrase that refers to the linked item, and avoid adding links on `here`, `click here`, etc.

#### Testnet and Faucet

> First, we need to obtain an account on RSK Testnet and get some test RSK tokens from the testnet Faucet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to obtain an account on RSK Testnet and get some tR-BTC from the Testnet faucet.
```

R-BTC is not a token, rather it is the native currency on the RSK network.

> **Get free token**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Get tR-BTC**
```

> Visit the [faucet website](https://faucet.testnet.rsk.co/) to gain some test RSK token to use in the Testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [faucet](https://faucet.testnet.rsk.co/) to gain some tR-BTC to use in the Testnet.
```

EIP20.deployed().then((instance=>instance.transfer("0x7dadb9d442cfe7fc75fd472d63afc16934d7aa44", 1)))
```

> After its successful execution, check the minter account's balance again to see the changed balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After its successful execution, check the minter's account again to see the change in balance.
```
